Add cluster plugin to default plugins (#1423)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/1/guides/kuzzle-depth/scalability/index.md

You should now have a Kuzzle cluster stack running with 3 Kuzzle nodes.

::: info

> <SinceBadge version="1.9.3" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<SinceBadge version="1.10.0" />
```
Since we are gonna release the new admin controller actions to encrypt/decrypt secrets

> Kuzzle images are shipped with the cluster plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kuzzle docker images are shipped with the cluster plugin.
```

> It is disable by default, but can be enable setting up the [`$KUZZLE_PLUGINS` variable environment](/core/1/guides/essentials/plugins#installing-a-plugin).

Reviewer: Proposal
```suggestion
The cluster is disabled by default but you can use [`$KUZZLE_PLUGINS` variable environment](/core/1/guides/essentials/plugins#installing-a-plugin) environment variable to enabled it.
```
But at least `disable` should be `disabled`

> The cluster is disabled by default but you can use [`$KUZZLE_PLUGINS`](/core/1/guides/essentials/plugins#installing-a-plugin) environment variable to enabled it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The cluster is disabled by default but you can use the [`$KUZZLE_PLUGINS`](/core/1/guides/essentials/plugins#installing-a-plugin) environment variable to enable it.
```
